Python does have inheritance and
it also has multiple inheritance.
I'm not going to jump into
a lot of these topics, but
I do want to point out a few
important things about inheritance.
When one class inherits from another,
you will put the class that
is being inherited from in parentheses
after the definition of the class itself.
When you are calling Dunder
in it on that subclass,
if you then want to run all of
the code from the superclass,
you need to explicitly call super.
And then the method that you
would call ,in this case we know
that we wanna call Dunder in it
along with all of the arguments.
And this is syntax that you
are very likely to run into.
So it's important to keep track of.
There is a lot more content here
in the course about overriding
variables in subclasses that I recommend
you go back to and read later.